hey what's going on guys zot tsunamis
here and today I have brought to life
the dsr-50
sniper rifle so many of you guys want to
see the DSR built and we have brought it
to life in Lego bricks
I'll have the dsr-50 featured in call of
duty black ops 2 and some info about the
DSR stands for designated sniper rifle
it's manufactured by DSR precision it's
a 50 Cal variant of the DSR 1 and here
is the Lego replica it's of course
one-to-one scale it's even got - we got
the ballistics CPU on it to reduce
weapons sway so the DSR sniper rifle in
black ops is a bolt-action weapon and
it's used by a lot of players it's the
go-to sniper dealing at the most damage
in the game when it comes to snipers
here it is both sides and I'll put it
down here so we can get the full view of
it so this Lego DSR took nearly 2,000
Lego bricks there you can see he's got
the rail system the scope as well was
built using some clear pieces even some
Lego elastic bands there's an overall
look of it it's got the barrel and the
ballistic CPU was built with some green
neon pieces so if you were to take this
bad boy out you know in public go up on
a roof with this that would not be a
very good idea the magazine goes behind
the trigger for an overall shorter
length as well it's got a magazine
holder on the front of it so you can see
it's actually got your first magazine
and your second magazine which is good
for the actual one since the magazines
can only hold five rounds
it's can be reloaded as well so the
magazine comes out just sticks in the
end of the gun here's how the magazine
looks overall so that can be reloaded if
you guys want to build your own a Lego
sniper rifle the colors here used were
of course black was the main color then
dark grey for the secondary color as
well the scope tire pieces worked very
well for scopes and if you have any neon
pieces you can use them for things like
computer screens for the rail system I
use lots of these low
Tyl pieces as well on the front lots of
two by one little plate and here it is
with the bipod down for that
stabilization also you can see it's got
some the little back stabilizer quite a
unique looking gun and we've brought it
to life with Lego bricks so there you
have it I really appreciate a like or a
favorite if you enjoyed and I'll see you
guys in another video